Remove " ' " from WordPress' word. (#308)
wp-cli/handbook: shell-friends.md

Add this function to your ~/.bashrc are reload your shell (or open a new shell).
You'll need to substitute these database credentials with your own.

> When You need to create a new WordPress site, call this function and specify the

Reviewer: Lowercase `you` here.
```suggestion
When you need to create a new WordPress site, call this function and specify the
```

> When You'll need to create a new site and install wordpress, call this function and specify the

Reviewer: Your suggestion has other issues as well, but the original sentence is indeed missing a `to` and has wrong casing for WordPress.

Here's what I think is a good fix:
```suggestion
When you need to create a new WordPress site, call this function and specify the
```
